Brother and sister, did you green this fish?
Brother, you misunderstood.
Then how can my wife be like him?
Do that harm?
In fact, the dog meat man was adopted by us.
Then his current life experience
Active adoption doesn't have any origins, right?
I came with a topaz necklace on me.
It sold for about a hundred dollars.
Then why did you adopt him?
There was a feng shui gentleman who said
This little girl can make us lucky at a high price
I adopted it
Take a look now
Fucking fooled
He's a loser
Now what?
We can't just because he's a bitch
It's not fashionable to offend your neighbor.
We must catch him back
Delivered to Lin Shao
Make him kneel down and apologize to Lin Shao
Hey, it's a bit crude
But you'll be safe with me
Thank you. Hi.
It's all a couple, what's there to be polite about?
You sleep first and I'll go out
Say Long Shuai
The Longcheng jade pendant you have been looking for has disappeared.
Right at the Black Soldiers
Send me the specific message. Yes.
Hello, is there anyone?
Who?
Honest man, don't talk
Hello sir, I will pick up a courier.
What courier?
Wrong place
i